Add docs for new Map and List methods (#119)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/stdlib/map.md

```

Creates a map from an array of key-value pairs.

### Map.**filter**

```grain
filter : ((k, v) -> Bool, Map<k, v>) -> Void
```

> Keeps all key-value pairs that the predicate returned `true` for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes all key-value pairs that the predicate returns `false` for from the map.
```

Author: My reasoning for the wording was that `filter` is considered a "positive" action, if that makes sense.
Another example is ReasonML's API - they use the term `keep` instead of `filter`.

I just wanted to explain myself and bottom line this is your call, I don't really have strong feelings about it :)

Reviewer: That's reasonable! Let's just add `from the map` to the end 🙂

### Map.**reject**

```grain
reject : ((k, v) -> Bool, Map<k, v>) -> Void
```

> Removes all key-value pairs that the predicate returned `true` for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes all key-value pairs that the predicate returned `true` for from the map.
```
